There's some more things.
We've already, of course,
seen some of these.
I wasn't expecting, it's early, but
there are a lot of core methods
in crypto that are streaming.
Like doing hashing, signing verification.
We already saw creating symmetric ciphers
Deciphering as well,
as the streaming interface.
This is a better method
to use that we used.
We used this createCipherIv,
which is the sequence-based encoding, so
that would protect you against
some kinds of replay attacks.
Why don't we go ahead and
use crypto.createHash to make a little
program that's gonna hash
the results of some input.
And maybe we can also play
around with zlib a little bit.
So let's just make these, and
then I'll give all of you a chance to
poke around at these APIs as well.
So, If we want to create a program
that just computes the hash,
we can require createHash
from ('crypto').createHash.
So I believe you give
createHash an algorithm name,
like sha512, think it's like that.
So we can Pipe, stdin into that.
It's an easy default.
And then pipe the hash back out to stdout,
if we like.
And I think now we've got a little
program, give it some input.
And we get back some output.
Of course, this is binary output, so
maybe it's not the nicest to look at.
So we can modify our program
to use a hex encoding, or
a base-64 encoding, or what have you.
So now, If I do Ctrl+B,
we get a nice hash.
Just to verify that this works correctly,
we can take a known string,
like abcd, without a new line,
and get the hash.
Hang on,
it's a little bit hard to see like that.
So do.
Okay, so this is our hash for
the string abcd.
If I do the same thing for shasum -a 512,
I think works, we get the same thing.
So our program is working
like we would expect, cool.
Just add that.
If you ever need to do something, like if
you have if you implement something like
a file upload on your HTTP server,
a really useful thing to do is to take
the hash of any type of incoming files.
Because then if someone ever uploads
the same file, either by mistake or
maybe the network connection was flaky so
they do it again,
you could save some space by only
storing a single copy by using the hash.
Because if someone uploads the same file
twice, the hash will be the same, so
you don't have to store it again.
And the hashes will check that
property for you automatically.